This is our 2nd meeting.
Each member discussed what they planned on doing in the next week and what they got done in the past week
  Chase: Found out demo accounts not working was due to the fact of hardcoded hashes in the setup files. Fixed demo accounts. Has found out that account creation does not work at all and plans to fix this next.
  Justin: Got badges done on the repo. Working with Mukul on frontend revamp.
  Andrew: Fix the flow of the app so that users can now get deliveries. Is going to work on order page and order updates for users.
  Mukul: Started using tailwind CSS on frontend to make it look better.

We seemed to have figured out why a lot of the bugs were happening and got them under control but there was not much added during the past week due to this.

The upcoming week seems like there will be more implementation than bug fixing.
