This is our 5th meeting.
Each member discussed what they planned on doing in the next week and what they got done in the past week
  Chase: Documented bug inside of github issues and recorded the demo. Helped on poster
  Justin: Helped on poster.
  Andrew: Helped with poster and demo video process.
  Mukul: Got notification system implemented and worked on poster creation.

We have got everything we wanted to implement, implemented. 

We are now in the process of adding the finishing touches to the poster and demo video.
